Just 10 little security guards like you
They can't beat me
I had better options after college.
To take care of you
I came to Blue Cloud Group with you as a security guard
That's how you treat me
Never mind.
Anyway, you have already seen me with Young Master Su
I'm too lazy to play with you anymore
Of course I play
Otherwise, what shit do you want to talk about?
But am I not nice to you?
What's the use of being nice to me?
Can you eat it as a meal?
I want a villa, not some broken rental house
The kind of life where you can see your head at a glance
Not what I want.
Hahaha, who did you hear it to?
How can you compare to my Sun preparation?
That's right.
That cripple named Old Chen Tou treats you very well
Let's have his other leg cut off now
You are not allowed to make real books.
Who the hell are you?
If you can't tell, you can't
Concubine Xue, don't forget me and you
Xiaobai is not good, I will leave this with you
As long as you pack in one day
It won't be over until one day I kill you
You don't want to go with Sun Shao
I don't even look at your crap